add a mention for the IPFS operator (#1270)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/install/server-infrastructure.md

@[youtube](-SYDlid7Nqs)

> # Kubernetes

Reviewer: Instead of a dedicated section, let's change it to an admonition in the form of a tip as the current instructions aren't based on the user using Kubernetes (which we can modify this in the future).

For "tip" is would be:

```
::: tip
// content
:::

> # Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ::: tip

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip
```

> If you are a kubernetes user, you might be interested to know that a kubernetes [operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Kubernetes user, you can use a Kubernetes operator for IPFS called [IPFS operator] (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) to easily create and manage clusters consisting of hundreds of peers.
```

> is available. This project is in active development and it isn't yet recommended for production use cases. If this is something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IPFS operator is in active development and not yet recommended for production use cases. If the operator is something
```

> The IPFS operator is in active development and not yet recommended for production use cases. If the operator is something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IPFS operator is in active development and not yet recommended for production use cases. If the operator is something you would like to include in your infrastructure, 
```

> you would like to try, you can check out our current [documentation](https://ipfs-operator.readthedocs.io/) or [github](https://github.com/redhat-et/ipfs-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you would like to include in your infrastructure, check out the [official documentation](https://ipfs-operator.readthedocs.io/) and [operator source code](https://github.com/redhat-et/ipfs-operator) for instructions and the latest progress.
```

> you would like to include in your infrastructure, check out the [official documentation](https://ipfs-operator.readthedocs.io/) and [operator source code](https://github.com/redhat-et/ipfs-operator) for instructions and the latest progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check out the [official documentation](https://ipfs-operator.readthedocs.io/) and [operator source code](https://github.com/redhat-et/ipfs-operator) for instructions and the latest progress.
```
